# ANTI-COVID-19
Anti-covid-19 is a free online video chat website that allows users to socialize with each other without the need to register. The website targets the lower class communities who are facing the psychological consequences of social isolation. This class has limited internet packages and too old devices to use the modern known video chatting programs. The user can video chat with up to 15 people (limited only by user interface) at the same time. Also, the website is compatible with all browsers. On the other hand, it has a very friendly user interface with both languages English and Arabic . <br>

# How We Addressed This Challenge

The challenge which we try to solve is the negative impacts of the social isolation which was applied because of the Covid-19 pandemic. The social isolation is a state of complete or near-complete lack of contact between an individual and society. The human is a creature that needs to belong to a community to live; research has found that perceived social isolation is associated with depression, cognitive decline, heart troubles, and a weakened immune system. In addition, one study found that loneliness can lead to a 30% increase in risk of coronary artery disease and stroke.

Nowadays we have so many applications and websites that are fighting the social isolation by connecting people with each other’s by video chats. The problem is that these applications are targeting the middle class communities who can’t afford high prices of modern devices that are needed to run these applications, also the internet connection is countries such as Egypt is limited packages.

Our website is providing a free video chat service that can be used by the lower class communities and it is presented in both languages English and Arabic. So in this way we can decrease the negative effect of the social distancing and we are encouraging them to stay home and safe.  In few words, we are focusing on a chart of people who are nearly forgotten by the known commercial applications.

In this way we hope to limit and decrease the negative psychological impact of the social isolation, and also to help those people to communicate with each other while they are in a safe environment.

# How We Developed This Project
In this project, we use the API technology which has a set of functions that allow to us access specific features or data of an application, other services like share data which help us to share the video online, use peer js libraries to identify peers is even simpler. Every peer is identified using nothing but an ID. A string that the peer can choose itself, or have a server generate one ant to make server to easy for the other users isn.t on the localhost to arrive at our web app. used vue.js to get component-based approach, props, one-way data flow for components hierarchy, performance, virtual rendering ability, and understanding of the importance of proper state management of apps, and also used bootstrap to be the website responsive in the other screens, jquery which used to increase the priority of a CSS property. This ignores the overriding properties. finally used herokuapp.com to make the server and port to make it easy to connect with the other devices which out of the localhost and to protect our data, chat and video from stolen.
